README.md, before:

<div align='center'>

# VS Code Pokémon

![icon](https://github.com/jakobhoeg/vscode-pokemon/raw/main/icon.png)
</div>    

<p align="center">
    Puts cute Pokémon in your code editor to boost productivity ✨
    <br>
    <br>
    <a href="https://github.com/jakobhoeg/vscode-pokemon/issues/new?assignees=&labels=feature&template=bug_report.md&title=">Report a Bug</a>
    ·
    <a href="https://github.com/jakobhoeg/vscode-pokemon/issues/new?assignees=&labels=feature&template=feature_request.md&title=">Request feature</a>
</p>

<div align="center">

![Visual Studio Marketplace Version](https://img.shields.io/visual-studio-marketplace/v/jakobhoeg.vscode-pokemon)
![Visual Studio Marketplace Installs](https://img.shields.io/visual-studio-marketplace/i/jakobhoeg.vscode-pokemon)
![Visual Studio Marketplace Downloads](https://img.shields.io/visual-studio-marketplace/d/jakobhoeg.vscode-pokemon)

</div>

<div align="center">
<picture>
  <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="https://github.com/jakobhoeg/vscode-pokemon/raw/main/vscode-pokemon.gif">
  <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: light)" srcset="https://github.com/jakobhoeg/vscode-pokemon/raw/main/vscode-pokemon-light.gif">
  <img alt="Shows gif in dark or light mode" src="https://github.com/jakobhoeg/vscode-pokemon/raw/main/vscode-pokemon-light.gif">
</picture>
</div>

<div align="center">

Seen used by engineers at [Microsoft](https://code.visualstudio.com/updates/v1_101#_chat-ux-improvements)!

</div>

## 💖 Support

If you enjoy this project, please consider supporting me.  
Manually creating the `.gif` files for each sprite takes a lot of time and effort.  
Your sponsorship helps me dedicate more energy to improve and expand the project.

[![GitHub Sponsor](https://img.shields.io/badge/Sponsor-❤-blue?style=flat&logo=github)](https://github.com/sponsors/jakobhoeg)

## Installation

Install this extension from the [VS Code marketplace](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=jakobhoeg.vscode-pokemon) or the [Open VSX Registry](https://open-vsx.org/extension/jakobhoeg/vscode-pokemon).

![Default view](https://github.com/jakobhoeg/vscode-pokemon/raw/main/install.png)

OR

With VS Code open, search for `vscode-pokemon` in the extension panel (`Ctrl+Shift+X` on Windows/Linux or `Cmd(⌘)+Shift+X` on MacOS) and click install.

OR

With VS Code open, launch VS Code Quick Open (`Ctrl+P` on Windows/Linux or `Cmd(⌘)+P` on MacOS), paste the following command, and press enter.

`ext install jakobhoeg.vscode-pokemon`

## Using VS Code Pokémon

After installing, open the command palette with `Ctrl+Shift+P` on Windows/Linux or `Cmd(⌘)+Shift+P` on MacOS.  

Run the "Start Pokemon coding session" command (`vscode-pokemon.start`) to see a Bulbasaur in VS Code:

![Default view](https://github.com/jakobhoeg/vscode-pokemon/raw/main/usage.png)

Enjoy interacting with your favourite Pokémon!

## Changing settings

Open the setting panel with Ctrl+, on Windows/Linux or Cmd(⌘)+, on MacOS. In the search bar, enter “vscode-pokemon" to see all available options.

Set the size and position of the extension.

## Upcoming features

Extracting and creating .gif files involves quite a bit of tedious manual work, but I’ll aim to add Gen 4 soon!

## Credits

### Sprite Sources
- Pokemon Sprites: © The Pokémon Company / Nintendo / Game Freak
- The sprites are used for non-commercial, fan project purposes only
- Original sprite artwork belongs to the respective copyright holders 

### Acknowledgments
- All sprites are property of their original creators
- This repository is a fan project and is not affiliated with Nintendo, The Pokémon Company, or Game Freak

This repository is inspired by and based on [vscode-pets](https://github.com/tonybaloney/vscode-pets) by [tonybaloney](https://github.com/tonybaloney).

Commit message:

chore: update readme with new images

README.md, after:

<div align='center'>

# VS Code Pokémon

![icon](https://github.com/jakobhoeg/vscode-pokemon/raw/main/icon.png)
</div>    

<p align="center">
    Puts cute Pokémon in your code editor to boost productivity ✨
    <br>
    <br>
    <a href="https://github.com/jakobhoeg/vscode-pokemon/issues/new?assignees=&labels=feature&template=bug_report.md&title=">Report a Bug</a>
    ·
    <a href="https://github.com/jakobhoeg/vscode-pokemon/issues/new?assignees=&labels=feature&template=feature_request.md&title=">Request feature</a>
</p>

<div align="center">

![Visual Studio Marketplace Version](https://img.shields.io/visual-studio-marketplace/v/jakobhoeg.vscode-pokemon)
![Visual Studio Marketplace Installs](https://img.shields.io/visual-studio-marketplace/i/jakobhoeg.vscode-pokemon)
![Visual Studio Marketplace Downloads](https://img.shields.io/visual-studio-marketplace/d/jakobhoeg.vscode-pokemon)

</div>

<div align="center">
<picture>
  <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="https://github.com/jakobhoeg/vscode-pokemon/raw/main/vscode-pokemon.gif">
  <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: light)" srcset="https://github.com/jakobhoeg/vscode-pokemon/raw/main/vscode-pokemon-light.gif">
  <img alt="Shows gif in dark or light mode" src="https://github.com/jakobhoeg/vscode-pokemon/raw/main/vscode-pokemon-light.gif">
</picture>
</div>

<div align="center">

Seen used by engineers at [Microsoft](https://code.visualstudio.com/updates/v1_101#_chat-ux-improvements)!

</div>

## 💖 Support

If you enjoy this project, please consider supporting me.  
Manually creating the `.gif` files for each sprite takes a lot of time and effort.  
Your sponsorship helps me dedicate more energy to improve and expand the project.

[![GitHub Sponsor](https://img.shields.io/badge/Sponsor-❤-blue?style=flat&logo=github)](https://github.com/sponsors/jakobhoeg)

## Installation

Install this extension from the [VS Code marketplace](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=jakobhoeg.vscode-pokemon) or the [Open VSX Registry](https://open-vsx.org/extension/jakobhoeg/vscode-pokemon).

![Default view](https://github.com/jakobhoeg/vscode-pokemon/raw/main/install.png)

OR

With VS Code open, search for `vscode-pokemon` in the extension panel (`Ctrl+Shift+X` on Windows/Linux or `Cmd(⌘)+Shift+X` on MacOS) and click install.

OR

With VS Code open, launch VS Code Quick Open (`Ctrl+P` on Windows/Linux or `Cmd(⌘)+P` on MacOS), paste the following command, and press enter.

`ext install jakobhoeg.vscode-pokemon`

## Using VS Code Pokémon

After installing, open the command palette with `Ctrl+Shift+P` on Windows/Linux or `Cmd(⌘)+Shift+P` on MacOS.  

Run the "Start Pokemon coding session" command (`vscode-pokemon.start`) to see a Bulbasaur in VS Code:

![Default view](https://github.com/jakobhoeg/vscode-pokemon/raw/main/usage.png)

Enjoy interacting with your favourite Pokémon!

## Keyboard Shortcuts

VS Code Pokémon comes with default keyboard shortcuts to make managing your Pokémon quick and easy:

![Keybindings](https://github.com/jakobhoeg/vscode-pokemon/raw/main/keybindings.png)

### Configuring Keyboard Shortcuts

You can customize these shortcuts to match your preferences:

1. Open the command palette (`Ctrl+Shift+P` on Windows/Linux or `Cmd(⌘)+Shift+P` on MacOS)
2. Run the **`Pokemon Coding: Configure keybindings`** command
3. Select the command you want to customize
4. VS Code will open the Keyboard Shortcuts editor filtered to that command
5. Click the pencil icon next to the command and press your desired key combination

## Changing settings

Open the setting panel with Ctrl+, on Windows/Linux or Cmd(⌘)+, on MacOS. In the search bar, enter “vscode-pokemon" to see all available options.

Set the size and position of the extension.

## Upcoming features

Extracting and creating .gif files involves quite a bit of tedious manual work, but I’ll aim to add Gen 4 soon!

## Credits

### Sprite Sources
- Pokemon Sprites: © The Pokémon Company / Nintendo / Game Freak
- The sprites are used for non-commercial, fan project purposes only
- Original sprite artwork belongs to the respective copyright holders 

### Acknowledgments
- All sprites are property of their original creators
- This repository is a fan project and is not affiliated with Nintendo, The Pokémon Company, or Game Freak

This repository is inspired by and based on [vscode-pets](https://github.com/tonybaloney/vscode-pets) by [tonybaloney](https://github.com/tonybaloney).
